.github/prompts/specify.prompt.md, before:

---
description: Create or update the feature specification from a natural language feature description.
---

Given the feature description provided as an argument, do this:

1. Run the script `.specify/scripts/bash/create-new-feature.sh --json "$ARGUMENTS"` from repo root and parse its JSON output for BRANCH_NAME and SPEC_FILE. All file paths must be absolute.
  **IMPORTANT** You must only ever run this script once. The JSON is provided in the terminal as output - always refer to it to get the actual content you're looking for.
2. Load `.specify/templates/spec-template.md` to understand required sections.
3. Write the specification to SPEC_FILE using the template structure, replacing placeholders with concrete details derived from the feature description (arguments) while preserving section order and headings.
4. Report completion with branch name, spec file path, and readiness for the next phase.

Note: The script creates and checks out the new branch and initializes the spec file before writing.

Commit message:

feat(003): Complete Feature 003 - Admin Years/Collections subsystem
- ✅ 59/64 tasks completed (92.2%)
- ✅ Full Admin CMS (Years/Collections/Uploads)
- ✅ Audit system with 180-day retention
- ✅ Keyboard accessibility (8/9 manual tests passed)
- ✅ Complete test coverage (Unit 100%, Contract 100%, Integration 100%)
- ⏸️ T064 Escape key deferred (low priority)
- 📋 See FEATURE_003_FINAL_SUMMARY.md for details

.github/prompts/specify.prompt.md, after:

---
description: Create or update the feature specification from a natural language feature description.
---

The user input to you can be provided directly by the agent or as a command argument - you **MUST** consider it before proceeding with the prompt (if not empty).

User input:

$ARGUMENTS

The text the user typed after `/specify` in the triggering message **is** the feature description. Assume you always have it available in this conversation even if `$ARGUMENTS` appears literally below. Do not ask the user to repeat it unless they provided an empty command.

Given that feature description, do this:

1. Run the script `.specify/scripts/bash/create-new-feature.sh --json "$ARGUMENTS"` from repo root and parse its JSON output for BRANCH_NAME and SPEC_FILE. All file paths must be absolute.
  **IMPORTANT** You must only ever run this script once. The JSON is provided in the terminal as output - always refer to it to get the actual content you're looking for.
2. Load `.specify/templates/spec-template.md` to understand required sections.
3. Write the specification to SPEC_FILE using the template structure, replacing placeholders with concrete details derived from the feature description (arguments) while preserving section order and headings.
4. Report completion with branch name, spec file path, and readiness for the next phase.

Note: The script creates and checks out the new branch and initializes the spec file before writing.
